Peter Nobel co-founded the Swedish clean tech company HeatCore AB which operates in the energy efficiency sector. The company is developing and marketing a highly compact and efficient heat cell for applications in the global heating industry. Peter has a degree of Master of Science in Material Science and Engineering from the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm and a degree in business administration from Lund University.

He has a track record of over 25 years positioning companies for success and market share growth in various industrial markets. He possesses a long experience of holding executive positions in sales and marketing, R&D and manufacturing functions in global companies like Alfa Laval and SWEP International.

He has significant expertise in successfully navigating long sales cycles for industrial components for various global industry sectors and was instrumental for developing heat transfer products into an exponential growth resulting in a €500 million worldwide market.







MICKE

The chairman of NST, university professor Michael Nobel, PhD, participated in the introduction of magnetic resonance imaging as European vice president of Fonar Corp. From 1991 to 2007 he served as Executive Chairman of the MRAB Group, a company providing MRI services to Swedish hospitals. From 1991 to 2006 he was Vice Chairman and Chairman of the Board of the Nobel Family. He has been consultant to Unesco in Paris and the United Nations Social Affairs Division in Geneva. Michael Nobel is presently chairman or board member of six international companies in medical diagnostics, treatment and information and in five non-for-profit organizations.

He is appointed distinguished professor at the Advanced Research Institute of Natural Science and Technology at Osaka City University and as guest professor at the Seisa and Soka Universities in Japan. Michael Nobel has received twelve honorary doctorates and professorships from universities around the world and fourteen other types of awards for his work in medical innovation and conflict resolution as well as in other fields.